Now is the time to do our actual AI agents calling.
So this is the place where we are going to be calling our AI agent by while creating the test case itself,
the LM test case.
So in order to do that, I'm going to say creating LM test case and invoking the AI agent.
So this is the place that we are going to be doing it.
So I'm going to add the code over here.
So the code is going to look pretty much exactly the same, like how we were doing even in our last
section of the course.
Like this one as you can see.
So over here I'm saying query with the context.
I was calling our Rag documentation, if you remember, and then we were creating the retrieve documents,
the retrieve the context.
And then we were calling the QA chain, which was actually getting us the response.
And then we were returning both the retrieved context as well as the response.
So the retrieval context was the vector data store and the response was from the large language model.
And over here, because we are going to be calling our AI agent and we wanted to return the tool calling,
there is a bit of a change that I have to do this time on the AI agent itself and tell you what I really
mean about that.
So let's say I'm going to create the method like what we have did in our last, uh, section.
I'll go copy this, paste it over here.
Guess what the query the content is going to remain.
Uh, maybe this is going to query the AI agent.
Uh, so instead of me doing the retrieval, retrieval of the document over here, we are essentially
going to be basically, essentially required over here.
Looks like basically we require a response from our AI agent.
Right.
So the agent that we have created before and I'm going to call the invoke method, and I'm going to
pass the question to the AI agent like what I have did.
Um, over here, as you can see, I'm going to call the agent instead of run.
You can also call the invoke method doesn't matter.
And then you can pass the query or the question.
Right.
That is what I am doing over here.
So while I call the agent, uh, with a question, it is going to give me the response over here.
But I don't want the response.
As I told you, we need to verify whether the tool is correctly being called or not because while I
call the I the agent dot invoke method, as you can see, the response actually has got the result for
us over here, like for or whatever.
Right.
So let's say I'm going to call the invoke method here.
Doesn't matter what I try to run this code.
What is the double of two.
Then you see that it is giving me uh, the input, which is what is the double of two and the output
is four.
See, while I call invoke, the response is a bit different this time.
So it's going to give me the input and the output.
But what I need this time from the agent is not just the response, but I also wanted to get me the
tools which has been called from that particular agent.
Can I return that?
Remember in our last sections, in earlier sections of this course, while we're talking about the tool
calling feature, we talked about what tool is being invoked by the large language model, by doing
the LM tool LM with the tools and invoke.
And it gives us the tool name and the arguments, something like that.
And what is the type?
It's a tool called types.
So if we call the tool calls parameter it gives us what tool that we are being used.
Same idea that we're going to do over here as well.
And there is an additional parameter that we need to add over here.
And they call it as like return intermediate.
Steps is equal to true.
And that for this the reason why we need to have a good understanding of the long chain library and
see we have the potential to even customize our agent the way the test really needs.
So this is pretty awesome.
So we have got all the ability because we have learned everything in our earlier section.
So it is so easy for us to go and change things over here, and we can customize our test as well during
that point of time.
So this written intermediate steps is equal to true will actually now return not only the results,
but it will also give you an intermediate steps over here.
And this intermediate steps will have an agent action with the tools being called.
Look at that.
This is amazing.
You can just get the tools like multiply numbers.
And you can also get the tool inputs which is the input parameters, which is like a is equal to two
and b as two as well.
And there is a log like that and I know blah blah blah.
So I don't really require the log there.
But the last parameter you see there is going to be an answer of four, which is the response coming
out.
So this is something we really are looking for in order for us to create that the structure, like the
tool calls, which is going to have the name and the input parameter as these, so we can create this
kind of structure while we have the intermediate steps coming out over here.
So hope you got the idea.
This intermediate steps from the from the actual agent that we are running during the invoke method
will actually help us formulate the data that we need for our tool calls.
Because if you go to the documentation of the tool correctness, we need to pass the tool called and
the expected tools, the expected tools we can get it from our golden data set doesn't matter, because
we have already created the golden data set with the tools being called.
This is the expected tools, but the tool calls is the tool which is going to come actually from your
LM agent.
And we need to get the name and the parameters.
So that's the reason why we need this intermediate steps to get the details, which we can now pass
it to our LM test case.
Hope you are with me.
If not, just try to watch this video one more time, but we are going to write the code to use the
intermediate steps to create the agent response over here.
And guess what?
Now we have got all the details for the intermediate steps I can now use.
Maybe I can just store this, uh, this response that we have got, which is the, uh, sorry, sorry
for juggling around a lot.
So we have we have got the results over here.
So if I just go and print just the result, something like this.
And if I hit run, you see that we get an array of input output and intermediate steps.
So if I just want to say what is the intermediate steps alone I get this particular value.
So my idea is I wanted to get the tools and the tool input these two things so that I can actually guess
what I can actually verify.
I can actually pass those information to the tools called and the input parameter to the LM test case.
So that is something we are going to be doing in our next lecture.